Welcome, in this video, we're going to update our existing tags
to point to a new commit, and then update GitHub to reflect that.
I'm currently on the GitHub website, in the "website" GitHub repo.
I'm on the tags page, with three tags listed. One tag in particular
that I wanted to draw your attention to is the tag named unstable.
If I click on the unstable tag, it will take me to the page specific about that tag,
and I can see, this is the commit id that is currently associated with it,
which at this point, is the latest commit on the develop branch.
I'm going to update this tag by adding more commits to develop
and then move this tag forward to match the new commit id.
Let's head over to our terminal, I'm currently on my local system,
in the website Git repository, on the develop branch.
Doing a "git status" shows that I currently have a clean working directory,
so let's get started. I'm going to edit the Readme file.
Made a few changes to the Readme file; let's save and close.
Once you've made a commit, push those changes up to GitHub.
Let's see our new history by typing "git log --oneline --decorate".
And now, we have a new commit ahead of unstable; that's the commit
that I added the commit message "Updating readme with purpose section".
Below that, you see the commit that has the unstable tag associated.
Let's update our tag to point to the new commit id. In order to update an existing tag,
you need to use the "-f" option with the "git tag" command.
Type "git tag -f"; space; and then the name of the tag to modify; space;
and then the optional reference or the commit id to use with the tag,
in this case "426900a". I could just a easily leave that option off,
and the tag would have assumed the head commit on the current branch.
Double check the line and press enter.
Git responds with saying that it updated the tag 'unstable',
and it told me which commit id it was associated with prior to the update.
Now, if we do a "git log --oneline --decorate",
we see that the tag unstable has moved up to the latest commit.
Before we check out GitHub, let's push our commits that we have up to GitHub.
Type "git push"; do a quick "git pull", then "git push origin develop".
Double check GitHub, and we see that we have our latest commit,
but if I click on releases unstable still points to the old location.
We can see that by going to the unstable tag page,
and it tells us that develop is ahead of us by one commit.
Let's go back to our terminal, and let's try to push our tag.
Like before, if we type "git push origin unstable",
we try to push our tag named unstable;
however, GitHub tells us that it already exists, and it rejects the push because of that.
There are a couple ways to fix that; one way is we could delete the unstable tag on GitHub,
and re-push, and basically replace the tag with the tag with a new location.
However, I'm just going to do this with a "force".
Type "git push --force origin"; space; and then our tag name, "unstable".
The "--force" will force the push of the newly updated tag to GitHub.
Double check, and press enter; Git pushes up that tag,
and lets us know this was a forced update.
In general, you want to be careful with this, because you could cause
a lot of people grief since Git repositories are distributed.
So, there are only a few cases where you want to update tags that are already on GitHub.
Let's check it out back on GitHub; once on the GitHub repository, click on releases.
And now, unstable has our new commit id. If we click on the "unstable" tag,
there's no message saying that we're behind or ahead of develop.